README.md, before:

# RE-SHMUP
Inspired by ZUN's TOUHOU Project

From MonoGame Documentation:
Class Library Tutorial: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/04_creating_a_class_library/index.html?tabs=vscode
Input Management: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/11_input_management/
Collision Basis: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/12_collision_detection/index.html
Scenes Tutorial: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/17_scenes/
Localization Basis - https://docs.monogame.net/articles/getting_started/content_pipeline/localization.html

Art Assets if not otherwise listed here - Me in Aseprite
Sound Effects if not otherwise listed here - Me in Pico-8

Button Tutorial (just the clicking functionality, controller/keyboard support by me) 
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcrgj26G5Hg&list=PLV27bZtgVIJqoeHrQq6Mt_S1-Fvq_zzGZ&index=12
Particle System and Explosion From Nathan Bean - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLz6556Xkso&feature=youtu.be
Special Effects (ScreenBatch Transform) From Nathan Bean - https://github.com/zombiepaladin/spritebatch-transform-special-effects
Ark Pixel Font (By TakWolf) - https://github.com/TakWolf/ark-pixel-font
	Usage permitted under Open Font License.
Testing Scene Music - Noisy Battle by Some Weirdo - https://opengameart.org/content/noisy-battle
	Usage permitted under CC0 1.0 Universal - https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Commit message:

New level scene created. Tilemap importer added.

README.md, after:

# RE-SHMUP
Inspired by ZUN's TOUHOU Project

From MonoGame Documentation:
Class Library Tutorial: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/04_creating_a_class_library/index.html?tabs=vscode
Input Management: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/11_input_management/
Collision Basis: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/12_collision_detection/index.html
Scenes Tutorial: https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/building_2d_games/17_scenes/
Localization Basis - https://docs.monogame.net/articles/getting_started/content_pipeline/localization.html

Art Assets if not otherwise listed here - Me in Aseprite
Sound Effects if not otherwise listed here - Me in Pico-8

Button Tutorial (just the clicking functionality, controller/keyboard support by me) 
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcrgj26G5Hg&list=PLV27bZtgVIJqoeHrQq6Mt_S1-Fvq_zzGZ&index=12
Particle System and Explosion From Nathan Bean - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLz6556Xkso&feature=youtu.be
Tilemap and Associated Content Pipeline From Nathan Bean - https://github.com/zombiepaladin/basic-tilemap-pipeline
Special Effects (ScreenBatch Transform) From Nathan Bean - https://github.com/zombiepaladin/spritebatch-transform-special-effects
Ark Pixel Font (By TakWolf) - https://github.com/TakWolf/ark-pixel-font
	Usage permitted under Open Font License.
Testing Scene Music - Noisy Battle by Some Weirdo - https://opengameart.org/content/noisy-battle
	Usage permitted under CC0 1.0 Universal - https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
